Add about Rector documentation (#110)
laminas/laminas-servicemanager-migration: docs/book/v1/intro.md

# laminas-servicemanager-migration

## About Rector

> Rector is a PHP tool that you can run on any PHP project to get instant upgrade or automated refactoring. It helps with PHP upgrade, framework upgrade and improves your code quality. Also it helps with type-coverage and help to get to the latest PHPStan level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rector is a console application for automated refactoring of PHP applications.
It helps with:

- PHP upgrades
- Framework upgrades
- Code quality improvements
- Type coverage

For more information about Rector, visit: [getrector.org](https://getrector.org)
```

> # laminas-servicemanager-migration

Reviewer: Navigation entry and title / first headline of the page must be the same:

https://github.com/laminas/laminas-servicemanager-migration/blob/751890e8ac17cb9f806359945845abe6fa02b200/mkdocs.yml#L5

```suggestion
# Introduction
```
